<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="about-this-guide">
    <title>About This Guide</title>
    <shortdesc>This guide will help you learn how to operate and manage your TA gateway.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Yeastar TA1600/2400/3200 FXS Analog VoIP Gateways are cutting-edge products that connect
            legacy telephones, fax machines and PBX systems with IP telephony networks and IP-based
            PBX systems. Featuring rich functionalities and easy configuration, Yeastar TA is ideal
            for small and medium enterprises that wish to integrate a traditional phone system into
            IP-based system. Yeastar TA helps them to preserve previous investment on legacy
            telephone system and reduce communication costs significantly with the true benefits of
            VoIP.</p>
        <section id="section_qrx_4kk_zgb">
            <title>Audience</title>
            <p>This manual will help you learn how to operate and manage your TA1600/2400/3200 FXS
                Analog VoIP Gateway. In this guide, we describe every detail on the functionality
                and configuration of TA1600/2400/3200. We begin by assuming that you are interested
                in TA1600/2400/3200 and familiar with networking and other IT disciplines.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_nkt_tkk_zgb">
            <title>Safety when working with electricity</title>
            <p>
                <note>
                    <ul id="ul_phy_wkk_zgb">
                        <li>Do not open the device when the device is powered on.</li>
                        <li>Do not work on the device, connect or disconnect cables when lightning
                            strikes.</li>
                    </ul>
                </note>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_v1g_ykk_zgb">
            <title>Features Highlights</title>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_tdl_zkk_zgb">
                    <li>16/24/32 FXS ports</li>
                    <li>Fully compliant with SIP and IAX2</li>
                    <li>Hunt Group</li>
                    <li>Configurable VoIP Server templates</li>
                    <li>Reliable FAX performance with T.38</li>
                    <li>3-party conference</li>
                    <li>Direct IP Calling</li>
                    <li>Inter-port Calling</li>
                    <li>Attended Transfer</li>
                    <li>Blind Transfer</li>
                    <li>Support RADIUS protocol</li>
                    <li>Support SNMP  </li>
                    <li>Support TR-069</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
